# EJB3/Injection excludes
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/webserviceref/**

# Exclude endpoints with AS5 @SecurityDomain
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/securityDomain/SecureEndpointAS5Impl.*

# [CXF-1244] Application Exception not initialized properly
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/exception/**

# [CXF-1252] Provider PAYLOAD endpoint expects SOAP Envelope
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/httpbinding/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/provider/ProviderJAXBTestCase.*
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/provider/ProviderPayloadTestCase.*

# [CXF-1253] CXF does not respect @HandlerChain on client SEI
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/logicalhandler/LogicalHandlerSourceTestCase.*
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/handlerchain/HandlerChainTestCase.*

# [CXF-1261] Handler does not see XOP message properly
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/xop/doclit/XOPHandlerTestCase.*

# [CXF-1510] Cannot handle anonymous bare requests
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/anonymous/**

# [CXF-1511] WrappedMessageContext does not implement SOAPMessageContext
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/binding/**

# [CXF-1513] NPE in JaxWsServiceConfiguration
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/handlerscope/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1694/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1797/**

# [JBWS-2247][CXF-1514] Generated WSDL does not take 'transport-guarantee' in web.xml into account
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1190/**

# [CXF-1515] Bad Enumeration value 'extension restriction'
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1505/**

# [CXF-1516] Type inheritance with document/literal/wrapped
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1702/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1733/**

# [CXF-1517] HTTP bindings for Provider
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1807/**

# [CXF-1518] Missing fault detail in messages from SLSB Provider
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1815/**

# [CXF-1519] Explicitly set the namespace of a WebFault
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1904/**

# [CXF-1520] MTOM chunked encoding transfer
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws2000/**

# [CXF-1521] Exception handling with @WebFault annotation
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/webfault/**

# [CXF-1624] XmlSchemaException: Schema name conflict in collection
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/logicalhandler/LogicalHandlerJAXBTestCase.*

# [JBWS-1655] Add support for endpoint address rewriting
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws2150/**

# [JBWS-1774] Provide tools implementation for CXF
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/complex/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/holder/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/smoke/tools/**

# [JBWS-2112] Cannot use CXF with endpoint API
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/endpoint/**

# [JBWS-2115] EJB client vehicle not sufficiently isolated
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1581/**

# [JBWS-2117] web.xml modified to web.xml.org - Subsequent runs fail
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1762/**

# [JBWS-2118] context-root in jboss.xml is ignored
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1813/**

# [JBWS-2119] WebServiceRef injection from DD doesn't work
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1841/**

# [JBWS-2165] Fix xop tests with maven build
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/xop/**

# [JBWS-2223] wsconsume for cxf build
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/complex/**
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/holder/**

# [JBWS-2227] Investigate why multiple virtual hosts test fails on CXF
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1178/**

# [JBWS-2240] PortComponent from jboss.xml descriptor is not parsed
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws2241/**

# [JBWS-2330] Failed to deploy service with multiple bindings
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws2278/**

# [JBWS-981] @WebContext defined virtual hosts only being fixed for JBoss 5 
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws981/JBWS981TestCase.*

# [JBWS-2478] Investigate why WS-Security CXF tests are failing
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/samples/wsse/**

# [JBWS-2480] Soap attachments are dropped on server response
org/jboss/test/ws/jaxws/jbws1283/**
